okay so we're not lost how did they turn
it up what did you to give us trouble is
this really how do you fix something
magically for news Heydrich he just
talked about the moment at the beginning
of the game when the video tribute
played to Derek Fisher and what that was
like obviously I I didn't pay attention
cummins get my give our mojo going well
we all know fish was a great Laker and
they said see him go but he's gone so
maybe I don't think they should've did
it he true authentically you guys
struggled in the second half even you
encode ectropion shots did he do
something differently or having trouble
get any shots and I think know everybody
on the team isn't enough offensively to
give that you know they tended us when
we give you dissing transitions who's
caught how about defensively and you say
that everybody played well offensively
defensively we said our new transition
you know give us an idea who's boss what
answer wouldn't guys have gotta learn
here tonight he didn't miss ya see this
is a game that shows the gap you know
between just where you guys are where
they are and where you need to go or is
it a one-time kind of thing you think
ask me are they met enough no we can
definitely win God better than to plank
I was trying to play the better
defensively and we have to get to lose
both putting out a lot of at least 10 to
you know the first shot you missed ball
on the ground and get it and put it back
in so what kind of them make somebody
else let's contributed lapses on defense
in terms of the cupboard Oh weeks I
hyphen although yeah um listen I mean
really challenge ops then there to go no
get out guitar guys legs and that's not
now sure it seems like a times here in
the post of you you're asking for guys
to cut or you may be but I just miss is
facing you know if I catch them in post
and is standing right in front of me
right next me this move you do actually
have a water sir how come I mean is that
something that you should just expect
your teammates no it's just not
happening or Z don't think you know you
need to talk talk it out no things are
changing people are double-teaming me
and I nice me what I'm comfortable with
versus you know what this game is do it
seemed like sometimes you guys have this
all figured out and other times if you
guys look a little losses are you guys
just figure out how to play with each
other so I don't think we look lost I
think um no sometimes defensively
transition we're not getting back and if
you really should never happen you know
Westbrook really just put his head down
and beat us you know to the cup a lot
it's like in the third quarter was just
missing shot or not just I don't we
didn't miss you I mean you lost in the
third because you got lay about the lab
transition me only have one turnover how
can you help disrupt him or anything
this stuff stuff you just got a big wall
up I guess you're given what happened
Tuesday how would you evaluate your your
performance tonight what happened yeah
with the second half not playing
performance that's terrible yes I would
you know I'm saying how would you talk
about reevaluate your game today you
know relative I mean the wake of that I
got to play how much
were you satisfied with your defense my
did you personally I think sometimes you
know part was a little tired so I didn't
close out right but for the most part in
the entire game a vision of what's
working during that time he good to the
contested a lot of amusing defense must
be hallmark of his team of my crown Ted
team oh yeah man it's supposed to be but
uh I think maybe we started to score
more and you kind of take a bottle with
the real fruit and get bandits your
principal that's why did you